# Objective of the project
Create an sbt project which will contain both java and scala code. Inside java, create two classes as follows -

    a. first one, 'calculator' class containing 4 methods, add, substract, multiply and divide. (Ensure to handle all types of cases).
    b. second class, 'storage' class, which just contains an array used to store   elements. This class will contains several methods as well i.e. addElement, removeElement, removeAll, checkIfContains.

In Scala, implement the followings -

    a. Create a class exposing all the methods of 'calculator' class.
    b. Create a trait containing the methods defition only. 
    Create a new class extending the traits. 
    These override methods will call the 'storage' class methos to perform operations.

## Interoperability between Java & Scala

One of the most exciting features of Scala is that it runs on JVM.
This feature enhance us to take the advantage of all the frameworks and tools built on top of other JVM Language.
Thus Scala provide interoperability with Java.
Scala code is compiled to Java bytecodes, and you can use tools like ‘javap’ to disassemble bytecodes generated by the Scala compiler.
In most of the cases, you don’t need to worry about the mixing, as integration between java and Scala is seamless.

## Mixing Java & Scala

Yes !!!
 
It is possible to mix both types of codes.
Just create an SBT project, put Scala code in src/main/scala and java code in src/main/java.
The biggest problem which you might face is when dealing with their collections and libraries.
This collection and libraries problem can be easely handle through the JavaConversion object.



